<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Hero of Ages</title>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c8480b45-9532-4737-b192-b5da9ca92d9e" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<h2 class="h2" id="names"><a id="backmatter04"/><a href="contents.xhtml#c_names"><span class="smallcaps">ALLOMANCY ALPHABETICAL REFERENCE</span></a></h2>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="GL"><small>ALUMINUM (INTERNAL ENHANCEMENT PULLING METAL)</small> Once known only to the Steel Inquisitors, this metal, when burned, depletes all of an Allomancer’s other metal reserves.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>ATIUM (EXTERNAL TEMPORAL PULLING METAL)</small> A strange metal formerly produced in the Pits of Hathsin. It collected inside small geodes that formed in crystalline pockets in caves beneath the ground. A person burning atium can see moments into the future, represented by shadows moving ahead of people and objects.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>BRASS (EXTERNAL MENTAL PUSHING METAL)</small> A person burning brass can Soothe another person’s emotions, dampening them and making particular emotions less powerful. A careful Allomancer can Soothe away all emotions but a single one, essentially making a person feel exactly as they wish. Brass, however, does not let that Allomancer read minds or even emotions. A Misting who burns brass is known as a Soother.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>BRONZE (INTERNAL MENTAL PUSHING METAL)</small> A person burning bronze can sense when people nearby are using Allomancy. Allomancers burning metals nearby will give off “Allomantic pulses”—something like drumbeats that are audible only to a person burning bronze. A Misting who can burn bronze is known as a Seeker.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>COINSHOT</small> A Misting who can burn steel.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>COPPER (INTERNAL MENTAL PULLING METAL)</small> A person burning copper gives off an invisible cloud that protects anyone within it from the senses of a Seeker. While within one of these “copperclouds,” an Allomancer can burn any metal they wish, and not worry that someone will sense their Allomantic pulses by burning bronze. As a side effect, people burning copper are themselves immune to any form of emotional Allomancy (Soothing or Rioting). A Misting who can burn copper is known as a Smoker.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>DURALUMIN (INTERNAL ENHANCEMENT PUSHING METAL)</small> The Allomantic alloy of aluminum with four percent copper. If an Allomancer burns duralumin, the next metal (or metals) they burn will be given explosive power, at the cost of burning away all at once every bit of that metal inside the Allomancer.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>ELECTRUM (INTERNAL TEMPORAL PUSHING METAL)</small> The Allomantic alloy of gold. A person burning this metal can see moments into their own future, represented by a shadow of their body’s movement. Sometimes known as “poor man’s atium,” it allows the Allomancer to counteract the effects of a foe burning atium.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>GOLD (INTERNAL TEMPORAL PULLING METAL)</small> A person burning gold can see a past version of themselves, or possibly an alternate version of themselves had their past gone differently.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>IRON (EXTERNAL PHYSICAL PULLING METAL)</small> A person burning iron can see translucent blue lines pointing to nearby sources of metal. The size and brightness of the line depends on the size and proximity of the metal source. All types of metal are shown, not just sources of iron. The Allomancer can then mentally yank on one of these lines to Pull that source of metal toward them. A Misting who can burn iron is known as a Lurcher.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>LURCHER</small> A Misting who can burn iron.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>MALATIUM (EXTERNAL TEMPORAL PUSHING METAL)</small> The metal discovered by Kelsier, often dubbed the Eleventh Metal. Nobody knows where he found it, or why he thought it could kill the Lord Ruler. It did, however, eventually lead Vin to the clue she needed to defeat the emperor. A person burning malatium can see a past version of others, or possibly an alternate version of them had their past gone differently.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>MISTBORN</small> An Allomancer who can burn all of the Allomantic metals.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>PEWTER (INTERNAL PHYSICAL PUSHING METAL)</small> A person burning pewter enhances the physical attributes of their body. They become stronger, more durable, and more dexterous. Pewter also enhances the body’s sense of balance and ability to recover from wounds. Mistings who can burn pewter are known as both Pewterarms and Thugs.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>PEWTERARM</small> A Misting who can burn pewter.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>RIOTER</small> A Misting who can burn zinc.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>SEEKER</small> A Misting who can burn bronze.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>SMOKER</small> A Misting who can burn copper.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>SOOTHER</small> A Misting who can burn brass.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>STEEL (EXTERNAL PHYSICAL PUSHING METAL)</small> A person burning steel can see translucent blue lines pointing to nearby sources of metal. The size and brightness of the line depends on the size and proximity of the metal source. All types of metal are shown, not just sources of steel. The Allomancer can then mentally Push on one of these lines to send that source of metal away from them. A Misting who can burn steel is known as a Coinshot.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>THUG</small> A Misting who can burn pewter.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>TIN (INTERNAL PHYSICAL PULLING METAL)</small> A person burning tin gains enhanced senses. They can see farther and smell more keenly, and their senses of touch and hearing become far more acute. This has the side effect of letting them pierce the mists, allowing them to see much farther at night than even their enhanced senses should let them. A Misting who can burn tin is known as a Tineye.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>TINEYE</small> A Misting who can burn tin.</p>
<p class="GL"><small>ZINC (EXTERNAL MENTAL PULLING METAL)</small> A person burning zinc can Riot another person’s emotions, enflaming them and making particular emotions more powerful. It does not let one read minds or even emotions. A Misting who burns zinc is known as a Rioter.</p>

</body>
</html>