<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Hero of Ages</title>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c8480b45-9532-4737-b192-b5da9ca92d9e" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="CRTF"><a id="page_4"/>NOTE: If you purchased this book without a cover, you should be aware that this book is stolen property. It was reported as “unsold and destroyed” to the publisher, and neither the author nor the publisher has received any payment for this “stripped book.”</p>
<p class="CRTF">This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.</p>
<p class="CRTF">THE HERO OF AGES: BOOK THREE OF MISTBORN</p>
<p class="CRTF">Copyright © 2008 by Dragonsteel Entertainment, LLC</p>
<p class="CRTF">Mistborn<sup>®</sup>, The Stormlight Archive<sup>®</sup>, Reckoners<sup>®</sup>, Cosmere<sup>®</sup>, and Brandon Sanderson<sup>®</sup> are registered trademarks of Dragonsteel Entertainment, LLC</p>
<p class="CRTF">All rights reserved.</p>
<p class="CRTF">Edited by Moshe Feder</p>
<p class="CRTF">Tin symbol and spikes by Ben McSweeney originally appeared in the <i>Mistborn Adventure Game</i> by Crafty Games, www.mistborn.games. Maps and other ornaments by Isaac Stewart.</p>
<p class="CRTF">A Tor Book</p>
<p class="CRT">Published by Tom Doherty Associates</p>
<p class="CRT">120 Broadway</p>
<p class="CRT">New York, NY 10271</p>
<p class="CRTF">www.tor-forge.com</p>
<p class="CRTF">Tor<sup>®</sup> is a registered trademark of Macmillan Publishing Group, LLC.</p>
<p class="CRTF">ISBN 978-1-250-31862-6</p>
<p class="CRTF">Our books may be purchased in bulk for promotional, educational, or business use. Please contact your local bookseller or the Macmillan Corporate and Premium Sales Department at 1-800-221-7945, extension 5442, or by email at MacmillanSpecialMarkets@macmillan.com.</p>
<p class="CRTF">First Edition: October 2008</p>
<p class="CRTF">Revised Mass Market Edition: December 2019</p>
<p class="CRTF">e-ISBN: 9781429960304</p>
</body>
</html>