<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Hero of Ages</title>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c8480b45-9532-4737-b192-b5da9ca92d9e" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<h2 class="h2" id="ack"><a id="page_9"/><a id="frontmatter01"/><a href="contents.xhtml#c_ack"><span class="smallcaps">ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</span></a></h2>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="para">As always, I owe a whole lot of people a whole lot of thanks for helping make this book what it is today. First and foremost, my editor and my agent—Moshe Feder and Joshua Bilmes—are to be noted for their exceptional ability to help a project reach its fullest potential. Also, my wonderful wife, Emily, has been a great support and aid to the writing process.</p>
<p class="indent-para">As before, Isaac Stewart did the fine map work, chapter symbols, and circle of Allomantic metals. Sam Weber did such stellar work on the Mistborn trade paperbacks that we requested him for these new, more symbolic covers. His work continues to impress, and I appreciate his vision of the series. Thanks to Larry Yoder for being awesome, and Dot Lin for her publicity work for me at Tor. Denis Wong and Stacy Hague-Hill for their assistance to my editor, and the—as always—marvelous Irene Gallo and Seth Lerner for their art direction.</p>
<p class="indent-para">Alpha readers for this book include Paris Elliott, Emily Sanderson, Krista Olsen, Ethan Skarstedt, Eric J. Ehlers, Eric “More Snooty” James Stone, Jillena O’Brien, C. Lee Player, Bryce Cundick/Moore, Janci Patterson, Heather Kirby, Sally Taylor, Bradley Reneer, Steve “Not Bookstore Guy Anymore” Diamond, General Micah Demoux, Zachary “Spook” J. Kaveney, Alan Layton, Janette Layton, Kaylynn ZoBell, Nate Hatfield, Matthew Chambers, Kristina Kugler, Daniel A. Wells, The Indivisible Peter Ahlstrom, Marianne Pease, Nicole Westenskow, Nathan Wood, John David Payne, Tom Gregory, Rebecca Dorff, Michelle Crowley, Emily Nelson, Natalia Judd, Chelise Fox, Nathan Crenshaw, Madison VanDenBerghe, Rachel Dunn, and Ben OleSoon. Gamma readers include Deana Whitney, Gary Singer, Ted Herman, Joe Deardeuff, and Bao Pham.</p>
<p class="indent-para">In addition I’m thankful to Jordan Sanderson—to whom this book is dedicated—for his tireless work on the website. Jeff Creer, also, did a great job with the art for <a href="http://BrandonSanderson.com">BrandonSanderson.com</a>. Stop by and check it out!</p>
</body>
</html>