<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>The Hero of Ages</title>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c8480b45-9532-4737-b192-b5da9ca92d9e" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<h2 class="h2" id="pre"><a id="frontmatter01"/><a href="contents.xhtml#c_pre"><span class="smallcaps">PREFACE</span></a></h2>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="linespace"> </p>
<p class="para">This is the book where I had to prove I could do this—both to myself and to my readers.</p>
<p class="indent-para">During the years that I was trying to break into fantasy, I noticed something about newer writers. There were a lot of great world-builders selling books. There were also a lot of people who could write great chapters, compelling characters, and interesting situations.</p>
<p class="indent-para">I consistently found myself disappointed by the endings of these books, however. Granted, I’ll take a book with a weak ending but great characters over the reverse—but I felt that a lot of writers were neglecting this key point of their stories. If I read an epic book, or series, that fully immersed me and took weeks of my time to get through, I wanted an equally epic ending.</p>
<p class="indent-para">With <i>The Hero of Ages</i>, I needed to put my money where my mouth was. I’d invested in writing all three of these books nearly back to back, finishing this one before the first one had to go to press. I’d pushed myself this far, and this hard, because I wanted to make sure the last book was appropriately themed with the first two.</p>
<p class="indent-para">But I’d never done this before. I was exploring what was, for me, new territory. I’d written some fifteen or sixteen books at this point, but no series endings. So this book was stressful for me. I so badly wanted to get it right, that when some things went poorly (like Sazed’s arc in the rough draft) I felt a lot of pressure to find another path.</p>
<p class="indent-para">At the same time, there was a certain momentum to writing <i>The Hero of Ages</i>. Book two was the biggest overall struggle of the three, even if Sazed’s arc in this book was the biggest individual struggle of the series. I wrote this book in a fervor, energized by having stopped (briefly) to write the first Alcatraz book. I tried to channel every bit of apocalyptic fantastical idea I’d had over the years, holding nothing back.</p>
<p class="indent-para">I had to stick the landing with this book. For the most part, I think I did. Like all of the Mistborn books, it has a unique, individual focus. It’s somehow both a small book and a large one at the same time. One of my pitches to myself for the series was, “Do in three books what other series take ten to accomplish.” The way to do this without letting the book get overwhelmed by side stories was to keep the focus on a few main characters—show their world falling apart around them, but keep the attention on them and their struggles.</p>
<p class="indent-para">I’m very proud of the result. I like how intimate it is, despite the epic scope of the series. I like how lean it is. (Though large, it is still half the size of my average Stormlight book.) I like how the world-building ties together and, most of all, how well the three volumes work as a whole. Both as a journey for the characters, and as entries into a deconstruction of the fantasy genre.</p>
<p class="indent-para">Mistborn is my calling card to the world.</p>
</body>
</html>